about a year and a half ago somebody
asked me and made corn dogs and I told
him no I wouldn't do it but I've changed
my mind I'm gonna use about 1 cup of
cornmeal a cup of flour 1 cup of milk
some baking powder cream style corn
don't have to have that you can leave it
out 1/4 cup sugar and egg and some hot
dogs and salt and I believe that's
everything before the batter we want to
use a food processor because I'm going
to use the canned corn creamed corn
otherwise you don't need to use one I'm
going to add the egg add about 4
tablespoons of the creamed corn which is
optional
it's worth teaspoon of salt mix this up
very well
okay next the cup of milk
the sugar 1/4 cup sugar 1 cup of
all-purpose flour
the baking powder add two teaspoons of
baking powder and the cornmeal one cup
of cornmeal
and that's our batter you can add other
things to it if you like like a little
bit of red pepper cayenne pepper or
jalapenos and I need to let this rest
for about 15 minutes
I've taken my hotdogs and put a stick in
there and dry them off very well
anywhere they went duhkham get some
coating on there cream in your oil here
just hold it down there
the best you can they won't come out
perfect like what you buy in the store
but they'll taste a lot better
you might Friday's for about three
minutes to five minutes
here I have two of the corn dogs it
cooled off for about 24 minutes and I
like the mustard
[Music]
that is so good
uh-huh
excuse me way better than
we're better than what I bought
thanks so much for watching